here's the play field for the voodoo
doughnuts custom checks hockey machine
we have all kinds of fun foods as the
players here's peanut butter and jelly
we've got some doughnuts with toppings
mustard but goalie for the doughnut side
is bacon I hear some ketchup here's a
sweet bun we have a hot dog yay music
and it plays music for its track mode
more doughnuts corn on the cob corn cob
player um I love that hotdog it's funny
and then another donut and for the fast
food side there's a potato chip to the
goalie on that side here this is the
score display on the top I've converted
it to use LEDs and I put a green laser
pointer in a slow rotation motor that's
got a scratched up acrylic disk that
makes it kind of cool magics in the
whole light effect which is their slogan
I don't know if I'll do something on the
playfield make a donut and put the words
and magics in the hole around it that's
my kind of general idea okay here's how
underneath the playfield works so this
is the puck the puck has a magnet in it
and the scoring is done with reed
switches and also sound effects so
here's the goal and when you get near
the goal there's reed switches that are
magnetically operated and this row of
reed switches makes sounds like ooh
you're close to the goal blah blah blah
and then there's a reed switch when the
puck drops down into the goal when you
drop the puck down into the goal it gets
funneled down into this channel slides
down over to where there's an armature
in this and thus Illinois that kicks the
puck back up onto the play field so
let's just drop it in there
um you need to keep this channel very
clean because any debris will prevent
the puck from rolling back to the center
and it'll mess up the gameplay see if I
can actuate this solenoid got the the
puck to kick out okay for the little
players they are hooked to these rods
that slide back and forth and the rods
can also rotate so there's 90 degree
gear head in here the little guys are
held in by these plastic discs see
there's the middle shaft that goes down
inside there's these plastic discs so
after a few insertions you need to
replace these discs or your your low
guys will be dropping off of popping off
into the play field now for the goalie
the goalie mounts on this little slider
here it gets held in place when the play
fields in when the play fields in but it
slides back and forth its actuated from
this hand crank right here and then they
just push down on on that peg slide back
and forth the reed switches and put my
own wires on them so I can run it to my
own sound board to add custom sound
effects it still has two in the middle
which are the original ones and then I
took the two on the outer side and I I
glued them with high temperature hot
glue
you